c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Plectio.Windows.xr.xml
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Plectio.Windows.exe
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Plectio.Windows.pdb
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Plectio.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Plectio.Windows.exe
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Plectio.Windows.pdb
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Forside.xbf
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\LoginScreenElev.xbf
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\LoginScreenLærer.xbf
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Forside.g.i.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Forside.g.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenElev.g.i.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenElev.g.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenLærer.g.i.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenLærer.g.cs
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Forside.xaml
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenElev.xaml
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenLærer.xaml
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Forside.xbf
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenElev.xbf
c:\users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LoginScreenLærer.xbf
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Plectio.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\ElevStartSide.xbf
C:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\ElevStartSide.g.i.cs
C:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\ElevStartSide.g.cs
C:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\ElevStartSide.xaml
C:\Users\jacob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\ElevStartSide.xbf
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\LærerStartSidexaml.xbf
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LærerStartSidexaml.g.i.cs
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LærerStartSidexaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LærerStartSidexaml.xaml
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\LærerStartSidexaml.xbf
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Skema2.g.i.cs
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Skema2.g.cs
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Skema2.xaml
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\obj\Debug\Skema2.xbf
C:\Users\jacob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Plectio\Plectio\Plectio.Windows\bin\Debug\Skema2.xbf
